https://codepen.io/aotikz/pen/rNOpReL?editors=1010

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that gives meaning to our content
    2. What is HTML used for?
    it is our skeleton for our website
    HTML that gives meaning to our content
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    it tell you more information and you put it inside the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tag is used for headers and shows in the search engine. should use it when you use a title
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    id and class
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    you put metas, nav, links for css
    7. What is an id? 
    id is for and special element you want to target and not change rest
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    divs, paragraphs,headers
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    once 
    10. What is a class?
    class is when you want to target mulitple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    images, divs,h1-h6,p-tags, 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many as you want as long as you have the same class
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    to specify for screen readers 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    by using the # symbol
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section you are grabing more than 1 content. div is a small container 
    17. What is CSS used for?
    to give it style 
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class is you want to target more than 1 element and id you want to change only that specfic element and not the rest
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    we select classes by using the .selector
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    <p class="human">
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    is when you want to target something within like a list for example. It will be useful in lists 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudo selector is a selector that selects elements in a specfic state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    .uppercase, .lowercase allcaps
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
     * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    Pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm filename 
    34. Why should I use version control?
    to manage any changes done and still have control
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 min or when your doing somthing important
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
     git push-u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
     1.Create YOUR OWN version of Repo —> (Fork)
     2.Your name should now be in front of the repo name before the slash '/' if forking is successful
     3.  Add your TL (me) as a collaborator on your forked Repo.
     4. Clone your Repo using githubs 'Clone or download' button.
     5. Back inside your CLI, use the cd command to go to the directory where you are going to want to clone your forked Repo
     6. Use the git clone <link-to-repo> command to clone the repo to the directory you are currently in.
     7. cd into the newly created repo using the cd <repo-name> command
     8. Use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for the repo 
     9. **git add .** will add the repo changes and make them ready for committing
     10. git commit -m "Your helpful commit message here".
     11. git push -u origin branch-name
     12. Now that the changes are on github you can submit a PR (Pull Request)
     13. create a pull request.
     14. add your TL to the reviewers.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline element doesnt take up its own liine, block element takes up it own like like a paragrah for example
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
     positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    you can set all margins adn borders and padding to 0 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    inline by default would be: span,img,and anchor tag.
    display block: divs,p,and ul 
    display inline-block: p-tag
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
     a box that wraps around every HTML element
     fix postioned- means it stays in the same position even if the page is scrolled
    width property.
